c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\obj\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Commands.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Handlers.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\DomainModel.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\DomainModel.Entities.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Commands.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Handlers.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.Configuration.xml
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.RegistrationByConvention.xml
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\DomainModel.Interfaces.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\DomainModel.Entities.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\obj\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\obj\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.pdb
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Infrastructure.Bus.dll.config
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Events.dll
c:\users\paul.scholvin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PatternExample\Infrastructure.Bus\bin\Debug\Application.Events.pdb
